Mazy's Mod
========================

## Description
This folder contains all assets and source code for the game "Mazy's Mod", created in GameMaker

**Language:** GML

**Required Software:** GameMaker v2024 or later (older versions might work, but have not been verified)
## Installation
No installation is required. However, you will need an up-to-date version of GameMaker running on your machine to work on this project.
## Usage
Open up the project file MazysMod.yyp in GameMaker and all the resources should be loaded.

Most object assets should have comments explaining their usage. For more information, please read the following supplementary documentation

### oGame
This is the main controller object for the entire game. It defines most of the global variables, controls several gameplay events, and draws the HUD. It must be set as persistent and instantiated in the first room in the game order (**rTitle** by default)
### oButton
This is the menu button object. Clicking on it with the mouse executes a function. It can be placed in a room on its own, or generated by **oButtonMenu** It has 3 instance variables.

**text:** A string that defines the text that appears on the button. (default: "Click")

**script:** A reference to a function to be executed when the player clicks the button (default: room_goto)

**args:** An array containing arguments to be passed as parameters when executing **script** (default: [rMain])

### oButtonMenu
This is an invisible object that can create multiple instances of **oButton**. It is created by objects such as **oEndScreen**. It has 1 instance variable.

**buttons:** An array of structs. Each struct should have a definition for each of the 3 instance variables of **oButton**. (Default: [])

### oMapPoint and oCheese
**oMapPoint** is a waypoint for **oMouse** to follow. It is invisible by default. **oCheese** is a child object of **oMapPoint**. It is functionally identical, however it is visible by default. The game is won when **oMouse** has destroyed all instances of **oMapPoint**

### oGameScreen, oMazeWall, and oStatBlock
These objects do not have any events or custom variables and exist for purely visual purposes

### oComment
The comment objects have 2 instance variables

### oText
This object is only used in **rRules**. It has 1 instance variable.

**text:** a string to be displayed by the object where it is placed. (default: "Hello world")

### rTitle
The room containing the title screen and main menu. By default, this is the first room

### global.gameroom
This boolean global variable determines whether the current room is a playable level (true) or something else like a menu (false). It is defined in the **Create** event of **oGame** and changed in the creation code for each room.

### GameData
This script asset contains macros defining the resolution of the game. It also defines **global.commentArray**, which contains all the strings when generating comments. Customize it as you see fit.
## Credits
All code and assets were created by Owl Toe

itch.io: https://owl-toe.itch.io
github: https://github.com/OwlToe

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Owl Toe

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.